{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7160\viewh10880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Giovanni Galvis\
01/30/2015\
Scratch Assignment\
\
I have never heard about Scratch until this assignment. It seems like a fun way for anyone to learn more about programming and it helps that it was developed in MIT. It is just an introduction to programming so that people can experience a simplified version of programming. I definitely enjoy learning in any possible way and it helps to look at programming through a different perspective. I personally enjoy the way I\'92m learning coding now on my own because it is what I am used to but I would not shut the door on Scratch method. \
Solving problems is programming, I believe this isn\'92t new but still a great way to learn. It simplifies writing code into building a puzzle. It comes with pre-loaded sprites, backgrounds, functions, and much more. My project involves the events that when clicked sets a score of 0 and says \'93Hello\'94. Then used a control function that uses the sensing element of repeat until.  Inside of that I used a motion of the sprite to go to a random area on the stage until the cat meets up with the mouse cursor again. I also included a variable so that it can keep count of how many times it moved till it met with the cursor.\
\
The link of my scratch project: http://scratch.mit.edu/projects/45781600/}